\newpage
# Acknowledgements

I would like to express my deepest gratitude to the following individuals and teams who have supported and encouraged me throughout this journey:

First and foremost, thank you to Kejia Zhu for introducing me to Titanic's End and suggesting I join. Your guidance has been invaluable.

A heartfelt thanks to Andrew Jordan for vetting and trusting me with the power lead role for the summer of 2024. Your confidence in my abilities has been a great source of motivation.

Thank you to Maximilian for his encouragement and support, sharing his experience from having been in charge of power for his camp before.

To the Titanic's End leadership team, your support and encouragement have been crucial. In particular, I would like to thank Justin Kan, Brea Staples, Kevin Kumana, Adrienne Plaskett, Keegan Arthur Olton, and Eddie Sellers Jr. for their unwavering support.

I am also immensely grateful to my partner in crime, Shaz, for his amazing technical support and boundless positive energy, which have been instrumental in overcoming challenges.

Thank you to Travis Bell for showing me the ropes and sharing his experiences from the previous year.

Special thanks to Oleksiy Maly, Derek D'Zouza, Jacinth Sohi, and Kathryn Dufau for all their help during build week. Your efforts made a significant difference.

A special mention to Kian Schureman for his endless curiosity and willingness to learn. Having him shadow me during the last few days of build week kept me motivated and made me very happy.

To everyone in the strike team who had to wrestle with the slightly deeper than critically necessary trenches, your hard work and dedication did not go unnoticed.

Finally, a very special shout out to Keegan, whose help was invaluable while I was abroad and trying to coordinate the Burning Man prep. Your support was a lifeline.

Thank you all for being a part of this incredible journey.
